docs: Improve Apple Sign-In setup with missing steps and troubleshooting (#473)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/11-authentication/04-providers/04-apple/02-customizations.md

# Customizations

This page covers additional configuration options for the Apple identity provider beyond the basic setup.

## Configuration options

Below is a non-exhaustive list of some of the most common configuration options. For more details on all options, check the `AppleIdpConfig` in-code documentation.

Serverpod provides two configuration classes:

- **`AppleIdpConfigFromPasswords`** -- Loads all credentials from `passwords.yaml` or their `SERVERPOD_PASSWORD_` environment variable equivalents. This is the class used in the [setup guide](./01-setup.md) and is recommended for most projects.
- **`AppleIdpConfig`** -- The base class that requires you to provide each credential explicitly. Use this when you need custom control over how credentials are loaded.

Both classes accept the same optional callbacks shown in the sections below.

### Loading credentials manually

> If you use `AppleIdpConfig` instead of `AppleIdpConfigFromPasswords`, you must provide each credential explicitly:

Reviewer: Same here as with the Google sign-in. Mentioning 'FromPasswords' here like this, can be interpreted as that you can use any of these classes to load manually. Improve clarity:

```suggestion
For more control over how credentials are loaded, use `AppleIdpConfig`. You must provide each credential explicitly:
```

# Customizations

This page covers additional configuration options for the Apple identity provider beyond the basic setup.

## Configuration options

Below is a non-exhaustive list of some of the most common configuration options. For more details on all options, check the `AppleIdpConfig` in-code documentation.

### Loading Apple credentials

You can initialize the Apple identity provider in two ways:

**From passwords.yaml (recommended):**

```dart
final appleIdpConfig = AppleIdpConfigFromPasswords();
```

> **Manually, providing each credential explicitly:**

Reviewer: Still missing some info on that you can load the password from a different source, like a json-file. And an example on how that is done.

Author: Apple and Google are not exactly the same, they are very different you cannot load Apple config from a file or json

```dart
final appleIdpConfig = AppleIdpConfig(
  serviceIdentifier: pod.getPassword('appleServiceIdentifier')!,
  bundleIdentifier: pod.getPassword('appleBundleIdentifier')!,
  redirectUri: pod.getPassword('appleRedirectUri')!,
  teamId: pod.getPassword('appleTeamId')!,
  keyId: pod.getPassword('appleKeyId')!,
  key: pod.getPassword('appleKey')!,
  webRedirectUri: pod.getPassword('appleWebRedirectUri'),
  androidPackageIdentifier: pod.getPassword('appleAndroidPackageIdentifier'),
);
```

### Reacting to account creation

You can use the `onAfterAppleAccountCreated` callback to run logic after a new Apple account has been created and linked to an auth user. This callback is only invoked for new accounts, not for returning users.

> This callback is complimentary to the [core `onAfterAuthUserCreated` callback](../../working-with-users#reacting-to-the-user-created-event) to perform side-effects that are specific to a login on this provider - like storing analytics, sending a welcome email, or storing additional data.

Reviewer: This link looks weird having the `onAfterAuthUserCreated` in the middle. Consider linking only the onAfterAuthUserCreated part. (not 'core' and 'callback'.

This approach is useful when you need to:

- Manage configuration separately for different platforms (Android, Web) in a centralized way
- Avoid committing sensitive configuration to version control
- Configure different credentials for different build environments (development, staging, production)

:::tip
You can also set these environment variables in your IDE's run configuration or CI/CD pipeline to avoid passing them manually each time.
:::

> ## All configuration parameters

Reviewer: The Google sign-in docs list the GoogleIdpConfig params. Should we list the AppleIdpConfig params here as well?

Author: There's no need as we already did list them above, Apple and Google config are not the same they have different rules and different ways to implement them
